# Neite Design Documentation

## Project Description

### What is NEITE?

Imagine a combination of Etsy, Instagram, and ResidentAdvisor/Eventbrite combined into one and
presented with the aesthetics of Vogue Magazine. Neite aims to redefine the creator and consumer
dynamic.

This platform is designed for people to share their artwork, including music, photos, tattoo work,
and more. It serves as a place for artists to promote, exhibit, and sell their creations. With
Neite, creators can set up events for their new releases, sell tickets, season passes, and much
more - we aim to create an interface/tool for creators to set up their own medium for distributing
their work, their own modus of interaction with their followers. Basically any creator will be able
to make/choose a way they want to monetize their product through a constructor interface. For
example, someone can sell handmade products, like rings as an invitation to an event with encoded
data linking to Neite or create their own custom season pass for their exhibitions as an alternative
to a simple ticket at the door. Such passess can entail added bonuses and exclusivity, creating an
allure of belonging to a private circle, an enigmatic clique.

Neite is designed to assist people in both selling and consuming. For example, if you come across a
photographer you admire, you can conveniently check their calendar within the app and book a
session. There is no need for additional steps from both sides.

### Idea of Constructor:

Creators are able to set up their own template for selling. Neite will provide a constructor with 4
basic customizable components alongside with basic templates. The components are as such: a booking
calendar which displays the creators available date and pricing and the option to add their custom
rules and parameters to that calendar - think of notion; a gallery with associated pricings per
item; a ticket builder where creators can add their own custom variables such as tiers and set
varying parameters like whether a ticket is a one-time use or multi-use along with a basic ticket
template where they can set the quantity of available tickets, the price associated, number of uses,
and date availability; an auction where they can set-up a basic auction from a template or customize
their own with their own unique rules; a season pass with a base option and customizability; finally
a simple item sale alongside with customizability to the mode of purchase (like when the item is
available and for how long - like a drop, quantity). Furthermore, creators can combine components
like selling an item and a ticket together. Imagine someone selling the highest tier ticket to their
private event and they want to add a layer of exclusivity by providing an item like a ring, and when
the customer shows up to the event wearing that ring, they will be enabled to access exclusive perks
associated with it. This is just an idea of the benefit of combining components, however, it is left
up to the creators with how they realize it and not Neite itself.

### Why?

Many users are faced with a clunky and cluttered experience of hopping between apps when trying to
make a purchase or book an event. Imagine you see something that you like on instagram, like a
purchasable item or an event that you would like to attend. Soon enough you’ll find yourself having
to follow a link to another web service like Eventbrite or a shop to complete the purchase. Many
times the customer would lose attraction in the process and drop the endeavor all together. A
similar scenario could be booking a session with a tattoo artist or a photographer: someone sees an
artist whose work they like and would like to use their service, however the process of reaching out
in dm’s figuring out the time and price and all the other necessary steps might be cumbersome if not
daunting, especially for people dealing with social anxiety and then to just find out that the
design for the tattoo like was already taken or the artist is fully booked. Same goes for the artist
themself who has to deal with each dm or explanatory post. Some just drop instagram altogether and
hire someone to make them a website with a booking system and a gallery.

Neite aims to solve all of the aforementioned issues by establishing a modular platform to fulfill
the needs of many artists and creators across the whole spectrum of artistic disciplines, ranging
from music to photography. However, Neite also aims to be much more: an invitation to a world of
artistic allure wrapped in the exclusivity and high fashion enigma of Vogue Magazine and GQ - Neite
aims to be a digitized version of the Paris Fashion Week.

### When?

It is essential to engage in self-promotion for the purpose of showcasing one's services. The
objective is to develop genuine and authentic self-promotional strategies. Easy way to engage with
these services without unnecessary steps.

### Who?

Various artists, event organizers, and individuals interested in supporting and sponsoring these
artists.
